Persistent QTL-B warning (not solvable by wien2k website help, happens e.g. in fcc Cu or Ag):
 1. Run a partial DOS calculation (see below how to do it; for the moment
    we have to live with the QTL-B warning)
 2. Check the case.scf2 to find out which channel is causing the problem
    (e.g., 'QTL-B VALUE ... L= 1' is the p channel or 'L= 2' is d channel)
 3. Add a second local orbital for this channel in case.in1 (remember to adjust the nr. of exceptions)
    do the adding simply by copying the line with the first linearization energy for this channel
 4. Plot the partial DOS and locate the problematic channel
 5. Change the energy of this new orbital and the old orbital for this channel in case.in1
    such that they are approximately at the beginning and end of the corresponding partial band
 6. Rerun the self-consistent calculation with these new settings
 7. Check if the first value in the 'QTL-B VALUE .EQ.  value ...' line decreases or increases
    and try to adjust the two linearization energies such that the warning disappears

To get (partial) electronic DOS:
 1. Run a usual self-consistent calculation, e.g., use createFolders_murn_wien.sh to run a murn
    it might be here necessary to increase the energy window maximum for eigenvalue
    determination in the case.in1 (emax value) to get nice DOS in the following steps (e.g. 4 Ry)
    Note: 4 Ry has been therefore implemented as default in createFolders_murn_wien.sh
 2. Run 'x lapw2 -qtl' inside the case folder where you want the DOS
 3. Use /data/todorova/wien2k/configure_int_lapw to prepare a case.int file
    follow the instructions and possibly adjust the energy limits and delta in case.int afterwards
 4. Use 'x tetra' to get the DOS (case.dos1 file)
 5. xmgrace -nxy case.dos1
in short:
  x lapw2 -qtl
  /data/todorova/wien2k/configure_int_lapw
  x tetra
  xmgrace -nxy case.dos1

Optimization of Rmt:
 Note: Rmt turns out to be a very important parameter. In principle, which means that both bases,
       the localized orbitals and the planewaves, are extremely well converged, the calculation
       should be invariant to (reasonable) changes in Rmt. In practice the dependence of a calculation
       (e.g. the energy) on Rmt is stronger. The reason is that the bases are never converged to
       such an extent as to guarantee the invariance. It is therefore crucial to determine an
       optimal Rmt, which can be done by using Ritz variational principle, i.e., by searching for
       the energy minimum as function of Rmt. For this a well converged RmtKmax should be used to
       avoid mixing both influences.
       An Rmt of 2.5 Bohr as proposed by the wien2k initialization (if geometry allows) turns out
       to be too larger in this respect (at least for Au so far) and a better Rmt is around 2.3 Bohr.
 To determine optimal Rmt:
 1. Do a standard murn calculation with the suggested Rmt value.
 2. For the equilibrium lattice constant do several calculations as function of Rmt with high RmtKmax (min. 14).
 3. Plot energy as function of Rmt and determine minimum, which determines optimal Rmt.
 4. Redo the murn for the optimized Rmt.

